we were accused of taking money from
foreign entities which it's now come out
that the Trudeau Foundation has been
taking money from the Chinese government
and then we were accused of being
infiltrated by the Russians like foreign
interference well I mean look at the
situation that we're in right now
[Music]
hello everyone watching and listening
I am co-hosting this podcast today with
my wife Tammy Peterson we had Tamara
Leach Our Guest over for dinner last
night that went very well we thought it
would be useful to to talk to to have
both of us talk to her today
Tamara Leach explains her rules in the
yellow vest like rallies that occurred
in Canada the trucker Convoy her role in
wexit a western Canadian independence
party and as I said recently her
leadership in the internationally
recognized trucker Freedom Convoy we
discussed the current state of Canada
the current dismal State under prime
minister Justin Trudeau
The Tyranny he Unleashed during the
covid pandemic why so many patriotic
Canadians are fed up
and the unprecedented punishment that's
been Unleashed upon those who like
tomorrow were daring enough to criticize
their own leaders yeah Oh Canada indeed
looking forward to talking to her
tomorrow maybe we'll start maybe you can
let people know a little bit about you
you said last night that you're from
Saskatchewan she probably explained what
the hell Saskatchewan is to everybody
listening to begin with and then you
moved to Alberta why don't you just walk
through where you came from you worked
for the oil in in the oil gas field too
which is or an oil gas industry which is
relevant so yes you want to fill people
in uh I was born and raised in
Saskatchewan and I lived in Saskatchewan
until about 1998 and then we moved to
Medicine Hat because of the Alberta
Advantage at that time we had really low
energy prices there and a lot of people
a lot of Saskatchewan people ended up in
Alberta and uh predominantly I worked in
the energy sector there in logistics and
organization and administration which is
basically how I got involved in this
because that was my skill set so I
offered my services so what what exactly
were you doing you worked in logistics
Administration so what were you doing in
the oil patch and you said also you were
mostly working with men what skill set
did you develop
I discovered I was really good at
organizing
um I looked after frat Crews I organized
the Frat Crews and our fracturing jobs
and so I was organ I was responsible for
finding the equipment organizing the
chemicals the sand I dealt with the
sales people and and uh Calgary and of
course our managers and stuff so and I
discovered that I was really good at
putting all these pieces together and
very helping patriarchy destroyed the
planet yes that's right and really
really you know tight deadlines and and
such so and I reveled in it and I was
really good at it so I was you know
growing up and not really knowing what
my place was of course you know trying
to find your spot in the world and when
I started doing that I just found it so
fulfilling and and I really loved it and
what did you like about it
the challenge yeah it was a challenge
um at that time you know we didn't
always have we were just a small base in
Medicine Hat so we had to always find
equipment from our larger bases in Red
Deer and Grand Prairie and stuff like
that so uh it was just fun it was like
putting the pieces of a puzzle together
but it had to be done and then of course
dealing with a lot of um well even at
that time where you're talking the late
90s and the early 2000s there was still
a lot of consultants in the oil patch
that didn't like dealing with women and
uh so that was also quite fun
so but yeah it was something I
discovered I was really good at and I
enjoyed it and um yeah when did you
start taking an interest in political
matters and why
that actually started with my former
husband so when I met this the him he
would always had his nose in a newspaper
and at that time I I mean I was in my
early 20s I wasn't really interested in
in politics for sure and then I started
reading the newspaper the National Post
was the one that we subscribed to and I
started really Loosely following uh
reporters like uh um Don Martin Christy
blatchford of course Rex Murphy and I
just started really paying attention to
what was going on and it was when the
sponsorship Scandal hit that I thought
what is going on here
like there was no accountability they
were just spending taxpayers money and
then I started you know checking into
question period and
and that baffled me also because I
thought you know these people are just
it's theatrics it's like watching a soap
opera and for me I would rather turn on
question period and see two sides of the
house sitting at a table working
together to try and fix our problems
than just this soap opera theatrics that
I was witnessing and and so that's kind
of what led into my interest in politics
and that was when that would have been
uh in the late 90s early 2000s yeah so
it's about 20 years ago yeah so I really
just kind of started following it around
then
and I just couldn't understand
why none of these politicians were being
held accountable for their actions and I
mean that was already 20 years ago and
it's gotten much much worse back when
they were accountable yeah that's right
when they were supposed to be I mean I
remember you know somebody losing their
job over a 12 glass of orange juice and
now we have a prime minister that can
just do whatever he wants and there's no
account like there used to be some
Integrity a little bit this interesting
trick where if you have one Scandal the
way you deal with it is just to produce
another and overlay it on top of the
previous Scandal he seems to be able to
confuse people constantly with a
never-ending string string of
increasingly dire scandals and yes um
well I don't I don't understand it
that's for sure but but here we are now
you said when we were talking last night
you said too that you also started to
detect and I don't know when this was a
certain amount of desperation on the
political front in the oil patch because
of increasingly Draconian Federal
policies so in Canada for those of you
who are watching and listening the the
provinces in the west of Canada are
pretty heavily resource based and
Canada's a resource-based economy still
in many ways and our federal government
um
seems to have adopted a globalist agenda
I think that's fair to say and believe
that you know human beings especially
those in western Canada are doing
nothing but raping poor Mother Earth
constantly and so they produce
legislation in a never-ending string to
do nothing but devastate the economies
of the West and of course well they're
saving the planet and tomorrow I started
to see some of that or not saving the
planet which is really the truth and
tomorrow started to see the
manifestations of that directly in the
people that you were working with so you
want to explain that a little bit yes I
did so they brought in the legislation
and I want to say it was around 20
2018-19 they passed the bills c69 and
c48 so bill c-69 has been nicknamed the
no more pipelines Bill and basically
what they've done is they've made it
virtually impossible and definitely not
feasible for for anyone to lay a
pipeline with all their environmental
this and that and and of course now then
they added the gender thing it had to
you know fit into their whatever it was
nonsense
and of course bill c-48 which was the no
more tank well basically it was a ban on
Alberta oil tankers leaving
the BC Coast right all the other tankers
fairies cruise ships are okay just not
if it's carrying any oil from Alberta
and what that did was
it hurt a lot of families people that I
knew and that I cared about were losing
their jobs and couldn't find jobs and
the the situation I specifically
referred to last night because I'll
never forget it
was a grown man and this this happened
frequently but he's the one that broke
down but you know a grown man coming
into my office two weeks before
Christmas
because he just lost his job and begging
me for a job with tears in his eyes you
know please take my resume and it was it
was heartbreaking and devastating and
for what I mean I worked in that
industry I understand the process I mean
Canadian energy is the most
environmentally friendly and efficient
way to extract our resources than
anywhere on the planet and we should be
screaming that from the rooftops but
again you know we're made to feel
ashamed and like our oil is dirty and it
I was dumbfounded yeah well the question
is dirty compared to what dirty compared
to Middle Eastern Tyrant oil or dirty
compared to Russian oil for example in
oil and gas it's like and and the same
thing applies on the pipeline front and
the tanker front too so Alberta's Still
Still moves its oil and gas around oil
in particular but does that
um on rail cars which is a very
inefficient way of doing it's also very
dangerous because it passes through
cities and we've had the odd catastrophe
in Canada as a consequence of that and
so yeah and what the Trudeau government
has done is made pipeline developments
so prohibitively expensive that no
Corporation in its right mind would take
a risk on it and I don't know how long
that'll propagate out into the future
because the corporations have learned
that the Canadian government is an
unreliable partner and these are
long-term projects and so that's a
catastrophe and this is a big deal for
the rest of the world you know the
German Chancellor came to Canada last
year and so did the Japanese prime
minister basically cap and hand and the
German Chancellor was a socialist by the
way which is sort of relevant in this
context desperate enough nonetheless to
go come and talk to his socialist buddy
Trudeau and ask and really ask and
really beg in some ways for Canada to
open up its vast natural gas resources
to the European Union and Adar great
allies you know and and our partners in
Freedom let's say and and Trudeau said I
can't make a business case for that
which basically meant we've produced
legislation in Canada that's crippled
our industry so badly that no one could
possibly make a business case for
anything because of the red tape and
idiocy that was put in there
purposefully although also ineptly just
so the feds could virtue signal about
destroying the economy to save the
planet and then the Japanese prime
minister showed up a couple of months
later and asked for the same thing and
got exactly the same response and so
instead of Canada benefiting from the
billions of dollars that the Europeans
and the Japanese could spend while we
were supporting our allies Japan who's
threatened by China and obviously the
European Union who's threatened by
Russia we left them to The Tender
Mercies of our apparent enemies because
Canada is opposed to what's Russia is
doing in Ukraine for example and we
forfeited that immense economic benefit
that Canadians could have accrued it it
could hardly be stupider and so you were
seeing this play out in real time in
Alberta yes I was and at that time I
started joining I found a local group in
town that was doing rallies every
weekend and so I joined that group
myself
and I started going to these rallies and
we would basically stand outside of a
Tim Hortons and hold signs and wave at
people as they drove by
and and then I became a bit an organizer
for those two so I set up their social
media which would later come into play
in a bigger context and organizing these
rallies and and we did that for quite a
while and um but it nothing was changing
what was the group uh well we actually
started off mimicking the yellow vest
movement in France
uh which was which was really my first
experience dealing with the mainstream
media calling us a bunch of racists and
white supremacists and and this and that
and the white supremacy that's a that's
a big thing in Alberta I mean I know I
lived there and they're just white
supremacists I know it's terrible it's
absolutely terrible
bingo balls in their Windows yeah yeah
yes
and they're white supremacists yes
and so I became active in that way and
um through that process I met um Peter
Downing who at that point was starting
the wexit movement which was a play on
the whole brexit UK movement
um and then in 2019 when Trudeau won
that election I contacted Peter and I
said I'm yours I will organize events or
whatever you need in Southeastern
Alberta and that was Peter Downing was
his name he had started it he had
actually started a big billboard
campaign uh in Edmonton is about these
these bills that they were passing um
well because Alberta is largely you know
an energy resource dependent
Province and so when you start crippling
that I mean you're not just talking
about the guys that are drilling Wells
you're talking about all the service
Industries or the communities that
depended on all those toxic masculine
males coming into their city or into
their communities to spend their money
you know well people don't know this too
so Albert is a landlocked Province so
it's hard for Alberta to get its
resources out into the world unless the
rest of Canada cooperates and on the
west Alberta is bordered by British
Columbia and the British Columbians
often like to style themselves
environmental socialists and so they
like to block Alberta oil and that's a
big problem and then but also rather
perversely because of the way Canada is
set up the provinces to equalize
economic opportunities across Canada
hypothetically we have this system
called equalization payment and that
means the Richer areas of the country
send essentially send excess tax money
to poorer areas and so as a consequence
Alberta which has a very small
population about 2 million people has
heavily subsidized Quebec for decades
billions and billions of dollars and the
Quebec government in particular although
many of the quebecois themselves also
style themselves saviors of the planet
and are opposed to Alberta energy and
its development despite the fact that
their economy is dependent in no small
part on these transfer payments so they
get to have all the money and also the
all the moral virtue which is a hell of
a hard deal all the coastline heading
over to
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah well that's
right so they're rich in that way yeah
they have Coastline yeah well they also
Quebec also has no shortage of natural
gas itself although they put a
moratorium on its development there's
enough natural gas in Quebec to
to service Quebec which by the way
Imports natural gas from the United
States to service Quebec for 200 years
and the European Union for 50 years and
the Quebec government has put a
moratorium on its development for
reasons completely unknown and crippled
people who bought land in Quebec with
the intent purpose of developing the
natural gas resources there when the
government told them that that's what
they wanted to do and so and that's a
story that hasn't broken in the Canadian
Legacy Media because the people who had
their property essentially confiscated
this is like one of the biggest scandals
I've ever heard of in Canadian history
and no one knows about it had their
property confiscated can't even get the
Legacy Media interested enough to do a
story on it it's just beyond
comprehension so we have a very adult
adult country at the moment all right so
you started getting involved politically
with wexit for example and working on
the idea that Alberta and the West at
least had to put pressure on central
Canada letting them know that we're dead
serious about not having the federal
government for the second time demolish
Alberta's economy because for all of you
who are watching listening when when
Justin Trudeau Trudeau's father was
prime minister back in the 1980s he
rammed through a policy called the
national energy policy which devastated
the Alberta economy for about 15 years
broke our banks yeah broke our banks
yeah my parents lost their Pension funds
and the whole Teachers Union lost his
Pension funds I think 13 Canadian Banks
went bankrupt at that time which was the
first time in Canadian history that
anything like that anybody who'd saved
money they left they lost it yeah yeah
so the West has been screwed by
Trudeau's before and now we're living
through that again and so there is
agitation in the west to to put pressure
on the central government and some of
that pressure involves the threat of
potential secession although I think
that's very unlikely I know that uh
Danielle Smith in Alberta and Scott Moe
and Saskatchewan and the premier of
Manitoba have now put together a
Consortium to try to develop a port in
James Bay which is you know pretty damn
awkward because you have to go through
the arctic ice in a desperate bid to try
to get Western resources out to the rest
of the world so we're we're basically at
economic war in our own damn country you
know while we fiddle around not saving
the planet instead of cooperating
together to make everybody in Canada as
rich as Norwegians which is exactly what
we should be aiming at and could have
done decades ago if we weren't so damn
stupid so stupid blind what would you
say Moral Moral uh falsely moral virtue
signaling right yeah pretty damn
pathetic yes and so all right so you
were working with wexit and that was in
2000 and uh that was after the 2019
election
and so I joined the board of directors
for two we had uh wax at Alberta so what
happened was there was a wax at BC wax
at Alberta wexit Saskatchewan and wexit
uh Manitoba and those were the
provincial
farms and then wexic Canada which we
turned into the Maverick party which was
a federal federal
uh Western independence party so that we
could start fighting for for more rights
right from and for more control over
over the West yeah more to be just left
to hell alone yes in Canada people need
to know this too
resource development is a provincial
matter not a federal matter that federal
government actually has no
constitutional right to be interfering
in this regard whatsoever and so it's a
real encroachment on because Canada was
set up as a as a true uh subsidiary
organization with each level of
government having its requisite
responsibility and the responsibility of
the federal government's government was
actually quite limited and it didn't
extend to Resource development and so
there is no excuse for the feds to
continually encroach on on on resource
development territory you know there's
another aspect of Canada that people
might find interesting in so far as
Canada is the least bit interesting and
that is that the West in Canada was only
settled about 120 years ago and it's
always suffered from I suppose what
would you say a a quasi-colonial
relationship with the powers that be in
Eastern Canada and there are no shortage
of Eastern Canadians who still think of
the country that way that everybody in
the west is a bunch of rednecks which is
probably true but you know rednecks have
their advantages and that they should
really be told how to live properly by
those who know better and it's certainly
the case that there's a codery of
Eastern Canadians and there has been for
a long time who truly do believe like
the bloody wef that they know how to
live better and are perfectly willing to
impose that viewpoint on the rest of the
on the rest of the country and the world
so so you're part of the battle against
that and that's going on fairly intently
in western Canada for a long period of
time it's thrown up all sorts of
rebellious political parties over yes
last hundred year period some successful
and some not yes all right so you go you
cut your teeth on the political front
with the with the exit movement what do
you learn from that I learned I learned
a ton of that from that I learned uh of
course being on that board what we
created a federal party from nothing so
I learned about you know creating the
edas and um the importance of having
committees and delegating and being
organized I mean that was a massive yes
of Jeff yeah electoral districts um yeah
writings basically setting up candidates
and writings and stuff like that and I
met a lot of really good people I mean
there's so many
great people in western Canada that are
very concerned about what's happening to
them you know
so that that was a massive experience
for me and and I got to work with Jay
Hill who was a whip for the conservative
party uh four times
and he was our he was our leader and I
learned a lot from both him and his wife
also I mean we just had we just had such
an amazing team and again that would
come in handy later right so you're
expanding your Logistics abilities yes
doing this and yeah you so it's
interesting you know you did what people
should do in their life as far as I'm
concerned which is you established a
local base of competence so well partly
within your family and then within the
industry you were working at you learned
how to organize and then you noticed
that maybe you had a political
responsibility which everyone does
because otherwise the tyrants have it
and that's bloody well worth knowing
yeah and so you decided to step forward
into the political realm and started
well you learn by doing yes and you
started working you know it's uh it's
you're tilting at windmills
fundamentally if you're trying to
produce a western separatist party
because that's the probability that's
going to fly is pretty low which doesn't
mean it isn't necessary right but you
learn a lot as you go along being a fool
and stumbling forward and so you're
doing that and expanding your Logistics
capability as well yes in a different
Realm and and that was one of the first
speeches I was asked to give a speech at
one of the first rallies that I attended
back when we were doing the yellow vest
rallies and I didn't really know what I
was going to speak about I'm not an
orator I'm not a public speaker but what
struck me the most was I thought
like I I'm sorry like a and that's what
I wrote about I'm sorry like I I thought
somebody else was going to come and fix
the problem so I didn't worry about it I
thought a politician a businessman
somebody in with some level of you know
clout would step up and solve the
problem and say something and it wasn't
happening and it wasn't happening so the
first speech that I gave was like that
and I ended it was like I am somebody
else and you were somebody else and you
were somebody else you know we can't sit
around here and wait for up to me too
it's up yeah exactly you're doing your
part and we're listening to your story
people gotta listen and know they have
it in them yeah well what have you
learned on that front I mean you you
were very skeptical about any sort of
political organization
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah so so
but I gave up young I thought oh you
know I can I don't need to be a part of
this
something happened when I was young like
a political
uh sword when I was like 17 local
politics made me jaded and I thought
okay why don't you tell that story a
little bit oh I was a I was the
supervisor for a swimming pool in our
little town in Northern Alberta
and it had been built in 67 because they
built pools all over Canada
in 67.
and uh
it was a bit deep so when the kids came
from school they were six they weren't
quite tall enough
to be in that water and I'd roped it off
so there were three sections but when
the kids got in I could see even though
they were teachers in the water I'd say
I'd say that one's underwater pull that
one out that one's underwater pull that
one out so after it was over I said to
the bored
the the city the town board
um I'm going to ask for a parent to come
in for every 10 kids from now on because
it's not safe and I can't well we don't
want to do this so the next week the
school showed up and they had no extra
people so I didn't let them in
so then the Town Council called me and
uh they told me that I
had
made the mistake and I said well you
know I think that a mistake might have
made it but the mistake that was going
to be made was there was going to be a
death of a little kid and I could do
that and they said I said you can write
me a letter and tell me how you want me
to run this place I'll run it the way
you want it but I want you to sign that
letter
and they said if we do that you'd let a
kid die despite us
yeah that's what they said that was 17
and I was like you know and I could have
I could have said
I could have taken their Bluff but I was
a 17 year old girl I didn't have that
kind of which Spa so I quit the job you
probably had the hood spell you didn't
have the knowledge strategic knowledge
but I didn't have the knowledge so I
quit the job
and then there was a local
paper controversy between the mayor and
their draw their story in my story and
and then I left in the local College
hired me to pickweeds and that was good
at the local College yeah well what what
Tam learned I learned I did one part of
it you know she saw a certain degree of
narcissism and Corruption at the local
level and then concluded that that was
the case at all levels of the political
which is true yeah but that's still not
an excuse that's not to do your part and
I learned that over the years yeah and
so when did you learn that
not that long ago yeah
yeah not that long ago but I know it now
and that's all you can do is know it now
and move forward
Elysium is dedicated to the biggest
challenge in health aging Elysium brings
the benefits of Aging research to
everyone they create Innovative Health
Products with clinically proven
ingredients Elysium works with leading
institutions like Oxford and Yale and
they have dozens of the world's best
scientists working with them eight of
them are Nobel Prize winners their
Flagship product basis is an NAD plus
supplement that has sold over three and
a half million bottles why NAD plus
studies suggest that any D plus levels
in healthy aging go hand in hand in fact
at a recent conference eight out of 10
doctors were taking an NAD plus
supplement we know there's no such thing
as an actual Fountain of Youth but Time
Magazine has said that NAD plus is the
closest we've ever gotten to one we've
got celebrities like Victoria Beckham on
our side and doctors like Richard D who
says I recommend it to all my patients
who are looking for something to improve
their overall long-term Health Richard D
also has his wife parents and children
taking basis as well basis has proven to
work in a is backed by clinical trials
so support energy production healthy
aging and feel good for your age with
basis as a special offer exclusive to Dr
Peterson's listeners go to trybases.com
Jordan and enter code Jordan at checkout
to save 25 off your first purchase of a
monthly plan restore youthful levels of
any D plus now try basis.com Jordan yeah
well one of the rules that I've been
formulating as we tour is that any
political responsibility you abdicate
will be taken up by tyrants and used
against you yeah and everyone has a
political responsibility right so so
well you obviously you obviously learned
that all right so now you're working
with the exit party and you're expanding
your logistical knowledge what happens
next
covid
right away yeah yeah so during my time
in Alberta about 2013 I took the a
personal training course when I started
working in Fitness and then I I actually
started teaching and certifying personal
trainers then teaching CPR and nutrition
and so that was one of the very first
things when this all started
I I was like what is going on here
because they started closing all the
gyms and like I'm not a doctor or a
scientist but I know that if you're
healthy and you're exercising your
immune system is going to be stronger
and then right away it came out that one
of the comorbidities that was causing
you know those the terrible reaction to
the covet virus was obesity I think the
people who died had a mean the mean
number of comorbidities was four yeah
right and in Alberta the average age of
death due to covid
they said was 84 but in Alberta the
average age of death from anything old
age is 82. so then I couldn't understand
why they were locking us all in our
homes and telling me that my family
wasn't allowed in my home yeah that did
not work for me that did not work for me
so my husband and I ended up after we
both lost our jobs on the same day
uh we decided to drive out to Manitoba
to visit my daughters okay why'd you
lose your jobs we were laid off we were
laid off because we'd been sent home
already well I'd been sent home for two
weeks because of kovid and then of
course there was the economic impact
that came down with that and we were a
satellite base basically in Medicine Hat
so we ran two crews out of there as
opposed to Red Deer where they had five
or six coupes or whatever so they ended
up shutting down our base and laying
everybody off save a couple of gentlemen
that that were transferred and we
decided to drive out to Manitoba to
visit my one of my daughters who was out
there
on the farm because our choices were we
can sit here in our house and do nothing
and watch the cars go by or we can go be
productive and yeah and have a life and
you know be outside and doing stuff so
and then when we arrived there I found
out that I was going to be a grandmother
again so we drove back to Minnesota
packed up a bunch of stuff and we spent
19 months during the pandemic out in
Manitoba nice
and I ended up getting a job there with
the local municipality
which was good at that summer I was I
got a job there and uh and that's why I
called it the pandemic of the Cairns
because I had especially at Christmas
this one lady called me just freaking
out and angry because there's four cars
parked across the street at the Airbnb I
think it's an illegal Gathering oh yeah
she has the same voice I do for for
parents yeah
there are four cars across the street
yeah and I think they're having an
illegal Gathering and we should really
do something about that because there
are Children at Risk that's right yeah
yeah Pat Pat Pat I know and just
thinking that she was I don't know what
she was thinking anyways she here's
here's what she was thinking I saw
people in Toronto think this way a lot
so I figured that 70 percent of
torontonians would wear a bloody mask
for the rest of their life you know
without complaining and half of them
would enjoy it and the reason for that
is because it gave them an opportunity
to tattle on their neighbors to inform
right and you know in East Germany
one-third of the people there under the
Soviets were Soviet direct Soviet
Informer right so if you had a family of
six two people were reinforming on you
to the government you think well that
could never happen here it's like yeah
it could and you'd be one of the people
that would be doing it and you'd be
happy about it and you'd pat yourself on
the back for doing such a moral job it's
like that I know that proclivity for for
tyranny and and the Delight in informing
you know that's you know and
yeah it's awful it was sad and I'm just
thinking I did my job I took all our
information I passed it on to uh my CAO
and I thought it's Christmas
like this family probably hasn't even
got to see each other in the last year
you don't have to go over there you
don't you don't have to go on their
property you can just stay in your home
and shut your mouth and your windows and
your curtains and quit peering out like
like I just didn't I just don't
understand that mentality I I didn't
understand it
and they were they weaponized they
weaponized um
people doing the right thing they
weaponized Duty and yeah they used fear
to weaponize duty yeah yes yeah well
that's typical Tyrant that's a typical
Tyrant approach yeah no they take that
fear compulsion power you have to do
this why do you have to do it well it's
an emergency who says it's an emergency
we say it's an emergency we know what to
do about it give up all your autonomy
grant us all the power it's like oh I
see that's why there's an emergency so
you can have all the power it's not an
emergency at all that's right and if it
is it's like well was it an emergency
there's always a bloody emergency of one
form or another because life is just an
endless catastrophe of emergencies so
and if you remember at the beginning of
the pandemic Justin Trudeau already
wanted to invoke the emergencies act so
that he could just spend spend spend
spend spend and do whatever he wanted
and not be accountable I remember he
wanted uh free reign until the end of
2021. well he basically suspended
Parliament anyways and ruled by Fiat the
whole time yes parliament in Canada has
just become it's like a sideshow that's
not where the government actually
operates it operates out of the prime
minister's office him and his bloody
cronies his wedding party crew yes you
know and and and and and so we've lost
well we've I don't know if we have
parliamentary Supremacy in Canada at all
now and of course the
the way that we've rearranged our
judiciary
that we have activist Judiciary in
Canada and increasingly the the Supreme
Court Justices are nominated by the
federal government and so they've
captured the court system as well and so
well and so here we are all right so now
you're you have a b and you're Bonnet
about kovid too and you're not very
happy about what's happening in western
Canada so you're starting to become an
irritated person I was very irritated
and then I found
um Trish Woods podcast
I was following the Dr Brian Bridal case
and then the Dr Francis Christian Case
and
um and what were those cases uh Dr Brian
Bridle is an immunologist and a
virologist I believe and he's got a long
list of letters after his name and he
started material University a Guelph
Guelph yes yes well that's right yeah
and Dr Christian was a doctor in
Saskatchewan uh from at the University
of Saskatchewan actually and he started
speaking out about vaccinating children
well they both were and they both lost
their jobs and as a matter of fact The
Faculty at the University of Saskatoon
were trying to talk to him like that
maybe he was crazy yeah yeah that phone
call was disturbing well there's no
cowards like faculty cowards right yeah
he would probably know
and so then I started fall you know I
started listening to her podcast and she
was just a light in the dark because I
was somebody that was finally talking
common sense in my opinion and then I
started following Dr Zev zelenko
um I started following Dr Robert Malone
Dr Peter McCullough Dr David Martin you
know all these doctors
front too they really went after him he
lost 35 pounds in three months after he
got pilloried by his his peers and
compatriots at Stanford yeah for being
correct and careful yeah and that also
didn't make sense because science is
supposed to be questioned so when I when
they say we're we're following the
science I always think of the S with the
money the money sign s that's all I ever
heard them say was we're following the
science I never saw any of their science
I did see science from these other
doctors and Science by the way isn't
something you follow science is not a
set of moral prescriptions when it's a
set of moral prescriptions it's ideology
not science you know at its best
Sciences well it attempts to be a
value-free and dispassionate portrayal
of the facts now that's tricky because
it's an investigation yeah it's an
investigation yeah and the idea that
well and then what happened to is the
politicians who were cowards devolved
their authority to Public Health experts
well we don't actually have to make any
decisions the public health experts can
and they couldn't because they weren't
economists they had no idea how to
calculate relative risk they didn't take
anything into account except keeping the
public safe from a virus which was their
job not to calculate the what would you
call it the multiplicity of costs that
would be associated with a peer public
health approach to policy so the
politicians abdicated their
responsibility and the narcissistic
politicians enjoy doing that anyways
because what you want is the glory not
the responsibility and what I noticed
too is that
the fear-mongering like the propaganda
campaign was heavy and of course at the
beginning everyone was talking about
well we don't have enough hospital beds
and blah blah blah and I'm looking like
it's 24 7 my radio station became the 24
7 covet Information Station and I'm
thinking with all the money that you're
putting into marketing and ads and on
posters and all this stuff if we put
that into our Health Care system which
they didn't have a problem no no problem
no no no increase in ICU capacity no not
nothing that would have actually in
principle addressed well the problem
that didn't exist to begin with but
certainly that no no development of ICU
what did Canada spend some hundreds of
millions of dollars on portable ICU beds
that were never even implemented right
they just sit in a warehouse with
warehouse storage costs I can't remember
how many hundreds of millions of dollars
is spent on that some appalling amount
right so all the money was poorly
targeted they never went after the
actual problem nope yeah it just didn't
make sense everybody that I talk to
excuse me
whether they were on the side where they
thought kovid was going to be the end of
all Humanity or whether they thought
kova didn't even exist
everyone said to me something doesn't
feel right
and that was their intuition intuition
and and that stuck with me and it
because it didn't feel right to me
either and um yeah so I just started
following these doctors and looking
things up for myself instead of just
listening to what the I mean I stopped
believing in the 2016 American election
I quit basically watching the news
and you know that's about when the
Legacy Media got finally corrupted right
and I mean part of that's because
they're facing such an onslaught of
competition from the online well from
the online media essentially they're
going to die as you can see that
happening Canada and CTV and bail media
laid out all sorts of journalists
yesterday including top journalists
right and so and they certainly deserved
their their demise like like nobody's
business but it's part of the inevitable
Triumph of the distributed media because
there's no way the old Legacy Media
Outlets can compete with them and they
started losing their best people and
then competing on the click bait front
and you know it's just a degenerative
spiral and we're seeing that play out so
yes we are yeah yes we are it's a
travesty so now you're still in Manitoba
while this is happening yes I was
actually my husband and I just moved
back to uh we both got offered our jobs
back and in October of 2021 and we moved
back to Alberta and both went back to
work at the end of November
and then we moved into our new house on
a week before Christmas and then two
weeks later the Convoy started so it was
kind of funny even when I got back it
looked like like two college kids had
just moved into this house and dropped
everything and uh because I was
obviously gone for a while and uh yeah
so so we went back to work and then
middle of January
my friend Cindy sent me a tick tock
video that Chris Barber had done this is
January what year January 2022 22 yes
where Chris was advocating for he had a
massive Tick Tock following I guess
that's a trucker thing Tick Tock and he
was calling for a a canada-wide shutdown
just wherever you are shut off your
trucks don't move
and Bridget Belton who is a trucker from
Wallaceburg I think it's Wallaceburg
Ontario had reached out to him too
because she was having issues crossing
the border already so why were the
truckers upset specifically there was
more Crossing issues but why are the
truckers in particular because after two
years of our prime minister calling them
Heroes and liking them to soldiers going
off to war he decided to implement the
cross-border trucker mandate
so unless they had a vaccine passport
they would have to quarantine for 14
days
so you're especially in Ontario where
you're you're they're always like some
people are doing this every day how do
you feed your family if you can only if
you have to take 14 days off every time
you cross the border it's impossible
so these people these blue-collar Heroes
I call them
that he had
propped up and and complimented and
saying their praises from the rooftop
said I'll all of a sudden become Public
Enemy Number One
and that was that was it for them and
that's telling because I'm telling you
they went for the health care workers
and the doctors and I thought for sure
just like my speech somebody was going
to say something they came after the
rcnp and I was like somebody's got to
say something and then the military and
then the education system and all of a
sudden there's all these mandates and
nobody was saying anything and finally
when they came for the truckers they're
like no
no this is not acceptable
so I I got I got that Tick Tock from
Cindy about Chris and um I actually
messaged her because there had been a
convoy that came out here in 2019 that
was advocating for our energy industry
and I said well what do you think about
another Convoy and she's like well
it didn't really accomplish much the
first time and I said yeah you're right
and then I messaged a friend of mine in
Manitoba and I said what do you think
about a convoy to
Ottawa and he said the same thing
so in the meantime so what was it about
the Convoy idea you think that was
attracting you I mean you're pursuing it
with some degree of of fervor even
though in by your own admission the last
time it occurred it wasn't that helpful
why do you think that idea
because you needed to bring it to
Parliament I I've seen rallies at the
ledge in Alberta
um Regina all the provinces I've seen
rallies massive protests everywhere the
mainstream media was not reporting them
and nothing was changing so we needed to
get to Ottawa
um and in the meantime you know Chris
and Bridget and another group had been
talking should they do slow rolls or a
shutdown and then kind of collectively
basically what it was was a very small
group of people that had a lot of
similar ideas that knew something had to
happen and so I called up Chris and we
discussed the Convoy to Ottawa and I
said my background is logistics
organization Administration you're going
to need social media and you're going to
need money I'll start you a Facebook
page a Twitter account and I'll set up a
GoFundMe account at that time I didn't
know that GoFundMe was as left-leaning
as they were oh I should let everybody
know too uh tomorrow under uh constraint
by the Canadian government is no longer
allowed to engage in social media yes do
you want to talk about the restrictions
that have been placed that's one of my
conditions uh one of my very broad
conditions I am not allowed to log into
my accounts post to my accounts or ask
anybody to post on my behalf if I do I
go directly back to jail right so you're
essentially muzzled on the electronic
communication yes now why can you do a
podcast like this well after the poec
report came down and I just could not
stand to listen to Justin Trudeau tell
people how he had their backs and he was
keeping them safe anymore because my
head was going to explode
Keith and I went through my conditions
very carefully very carefully we like I
was taking it sounds stupid but I was
like taking words out and I was
rearranging the sentences to see if
there was any possible way that I could
be arrested for speaking and what we
concluded was that so long as I am not
organizing a protest
or advocating for a protest exercising
my my freedom of assembly basically
um it's okay now how is it that it's
possible for your right to freely
assemble to be and your right to freely
speak obviously how is it possible even
that that's been abrogated what have you
been charged with let's start with I've
been charged with Mischief counseling to
get to counseling to commit Mischief
intimidation counseling intimidation and
I believe the other one is obstruct a
police officer and disobey a court order
I think which would be the which would
be the emergencies act I'm assuming and
which of those was the core charge it
was it was the Mischief
to commit mischief to begin with that's
right so think about that everyone that
was the initial charge it's not mischief
which is you know not one of the world's
most serious charges even though that
that can be relevant at some time but
counseling to commit Mischief which is
like the derivative of a crime right so
I don't even know what that means but I
guess I guess you're going to find out
because they're going to drag you
through Court how much time have you
spent in jail 48 days well 49 days 48
nights right right and on what grounds
precisely why why did they hold you oh
well originally I was denied bail
because the judge uh judge Bourgeois who
we found out later was former liberal
candidate and French French yeah I think
she's funny
yeah it is kind of funny they hate the
proletarian
so okay so he was a former liberal she
was she was yes she she was a former
liberal candidate yes yes this is Canada
yes right she was and she didn't recuse
herself from the case because it wasn't
the political case so that's right yeah
yeah and so and oddly enough like Chris
Barber was arrested just before me and
he was had his bail hearing and was just
sent home and then of course it was a
long weekend it was family weekend
and so we didn't have my decision heard
until Tuesday morning but by then she'd
watched this entire violent horrific
takedown of the Convoy protest
on TV and so when I came in she went
upside one of UPS one upside went up one
side of me and down the other
and basically said I was a menace to
society and a danger to her community
she said my community 12 times
where she where where is she located oh
she's I see so you were you were honking
her into his feet yes yeah I know a lot
of there were a lot of the hot Bourgeois
in Ottawa who didn't take kindly to
being honked at is traumatizing you know
they have people whose lives have been
destroyed coming you know peacefully
complain about it after being oppressed
by dimwit dim-witted moralizers for two
years which was frustrating because
you know we didn't want to go we
definitely didn't want to upset the
Ottawa residents that was never Our
intention
and but you have to have some level of
disruption but for me to hear people
talking about honking horns when we just
drove across Canada and I had people
every single day and still to this day
telling me they were planning to take
their own lives or that they had family
members that had already taken their own
lives or that they were living in their
car they lost their business they
couldn't go kiss their mom goodbye
before she died
and you're gonna complain to me about
honking horns
are you kidding me
and to so for me that was a real
eye-opener because you know of course we
always know that there's the laptop
class is what we call them now but it
was really the sense in some cases not
all of them because there's some
beautiful lovely people in Ottawa we had
a lot of support from Ottawa residents
and a lot of federal government
employees but it was almost a sense of
like how dare you blue collar workers
with your dirty hands come and set up
and your ability to do things that's the
most annoying part of blue blue collared
people they're good at doing things yeah
that's really hard on people who can
only think abstractly because they like
to think they live in some sort of what
would you say privileged moral Universe
where their ability to deal with
abstractions is what constitutes real
and then they always end up depending on
those bloody blue-collar people whenever
anything needs to be done it's very very
annoying yes yes
in a world filled with uncertainties
it's crucial to be ready for whatever
comes your way whether it's a natural
disaster a sudden emergency or
unforeseen circumstances having a
reliable food storage system can provide
you with peace of mind and the assurance
that you and your loved ones will be
well taken care of right now my Patriot
Supply is offering major savings on
their four-week emergency food kit to
help you stay prepared for anything go
to preparewithpeterson.com and grab this
special price before it ends your
four-week emergency food kit provides
over 2 000 calories each day for optimal
strength and energy in stressful
situations you can enjoy a wide variety
of my Patriot Supply and can even
customize your supply they offer an
ultimate breakfast kit a mega protein
kit with real meat and even a
gluten-free kit the best part is each
meal is delicious and has a shelf life
of 25 years don't wait for a disaster to
strike before taking action invest in
your safety and well-being by securing
your food storage today go to prepare
with peterson.com and get major savings
on your four-week emergency supply kit
go to preparewithpeterson.com right now
let's prepare with peterson.com
so shortly after we got there there was
an injunction
um order so we we did have to stop
honking horns and and honestly the
majority of us at the core organizers
were relieved because it was getting to
be a bit much and you know when you've
got like speakers up on stage and people
are still honking their horn
um you can't hear them right so so that
was good ugly I mean we're glad that it
stopped for the most part but again not
all of them stop because you're talk
this was not there was no bosses
this was a completely organic movement
uh these truckers just showed up they're
very strong people they're independent
thinkers you know they they have a lot
of responsibility on their shoulders
lots of them are business owners
so they're going to do what they're
gonna do I mean Tamara Beach wasn't good
if they were the sort of people who
could be told what to do they wouldn't
have been in Ottawa with that right yeah
yeah exactly so let's go back to to when
you were envisioning this so you were
starting to think about a convoy how did
it actually start to come about
miraculously
um so we started I got the Facebook page
going
got the GoFundMe going and then we had
Road captains from every Province so
what those were were truckers normally
in like Northern Saskatchewan Southern
Saskatchewan Northern Alberta Southern
Alberta and they organized their friends
and truckers to come and then we would
just all meet along the highway so one
of mine how over what period of time was
this organized how long 10 days 10 days
wow that's fast right well so that
obviously shows that like it was right
it was time because everybody clamored
on board right away right which shocked
us I mean
and we recognized within 24 hours in my
head my vision I thought we'd maybe
raise twenty thousand dollars
a few truckers would drive across Canada
stand there with some signs hop back in
their trucks and come home
So within 24 hours we had over a hundred
thousand dollars in donations already
and and the and so with my experience
with the Maverick party I was like I
need a finance committee boom so I got
some volunteers we created a finance
committee and then I was also monitoring
our social media why did you do that
because uh the the fundraiser was set up
with my name on it and it was important
to me that Canadians that were donating
a had a sense of who I was because
that's a lot of money they were trusting
me essentially with their money and I
wanted to explain the whole process like
how we were going to be accountable and
transparent I had two bookkeepers on the
committee and we had a an accounting
advisor an accountant from from Medicine
Hat
and I just and it was their money so it
was their decision like you know I
wanted to let everybody feel like they
had a say in this basically I was
running the government type sale or
running this organization I guess how I
thought the government should be run you
know open and transparent and I just
wanted everyone to be at ease that we
were going to follow through and we were
going to keep them informed every step
of the way so tell us what happened on
the GoFundMe front
yeah so I didn't know a lot about
GoFundMe when I started the campaign I
just knew it was a big crowdfunding
source and so I set up a GoFundMe to
start collecting donations and as we
were well obviously I mean the money
just started pouring in and it was it
became very clear to me right away that
they were kind of dragging their feet
GoFundMe in releasing the money okay so
because they'd send an email with you
know three questions on it we'd answer
those questions then we'd get an email
with five questions on it and we'd
answer those questions and it just was
this constant back and forth for about
two weeks
finally when we got to Ottawa the
Thursday right after the lawyers all
arrived we had a meeting with all of our
lawyers GoFundMe their lawyers and our
accountant and it was it was great they
were going to release everything they
were happy with all of our answers and
we woke up the next morning and they had
Frozen our camp how much money was in at
that point 10 million dollars
who froze it GoFundMe
because the the city of Ottawa and the
Ottawa city police had contacted them
and said that we were terrorists
basically I see oh yes well yes right so
so who's the blame on then is the blame
on gold funner is the blame on the
people who called you terrorists I would
say both I would say both
the ironic thing is is that we've
watched the black lives matter protests
uh I watched the the Chas chap
autonomous Zone that they had set up in
Seattle and at some of these protests
like people got raped they murdered uh
businesses were looted and and burnt to
the ground yeah but that wasn't a good
customer that's right that was for a
good cause that's right right that
wasn't like Confederate flag flying
Canadians Nazis by the way for everyone
watching and listening there are no
Confederate flag waving Canadian Nazis
that's not a thing nobody waves the
Confederate flag in Canada most
Canadians don't even know what the hell
the Confederate flag is and uh Nazis
that's just not a Canadian thing so
that's all complete bloody lies from top
to bottom in every possible way so
GoFundMe hey
stop 10 million dollars yes and then if
I remember correctly they then announced
that they were going to distribute it to
charity unless people wrote in
specifically and requested a refund and
that they were going to pick the charity
correct right that black lives matters
though they got their money they did
even though there was raping yes murder
yes all kinds of things they got their
money of course that was in the states
yes yeah but that shouldn't make a
difference it shouldn't make it well and
then go and then gifts and go didn't
abide by the dictates of the Canadian
state right so they had they had a bit
of a spine so you flipped from GoFundMe
to give send go and then you raised
another 10 million dollars what happened
to it
well the government of Ontario wanted to
seize it immediately and those were
conservatives by the way yes this is
right this is true and so the writing
was on the wall they we were never going
to get those donations across into
Canada
so Jacob Wells one of the founders him
and his sister founded give sungo
decided that he was just going to refund
everything
and I know that the lawyers got up and
said no you're not going to we're going
to file whatever they needed to file to
stop that from happening and he said by
the time you have your paperwork done
it's going to be back in their accounts
you have no jurisdiction here so kudos
to him yes so what had happened was uh
GoFundMe had had released one million
dollars into my account and so I'm
actually quite happy that uh it did cost
them a million dollars because they
ended up refunding everything after that
statement where they were just going to
donate it to whomever they wanted to Ron
DeSantis the governor of Florida stood
up and said no you're not I am going to
have you investigated for fraud and then
all of a sudden it was no problem to
refund everybody
and then you and then yeah with the
gifts and go so and then uh so that was
like a precursor to the bank account
seizures fundamentally right so
basically what we had in Canada was a
situation where people were voluntarily
donating money to a political cause a
protest and that the government
interfered with the receipt of that
money by interfering with the operations
of a private company that wasn't even a
Canadian company right at the same time
the Canadian government was claiming
this was complete bloody 100 percent
absolutely reprehensible lie that almost
all the money that was going into the
trucker Convoy was American make America
great again Republican types who wanted
to overthrow the Canadian government
because of course everyone knows that's
what Republican Americans want because
they don't like democracy in Canada
whereas the truth of the matter is most
Americans don't even know where the hell
Canada is and the ones that do know
really don't care and they're certainly
not agitating especially on the
Republican side to overthrow Canadian
democracy and they also the government
also intimated that it was being funded
by Russians yeah right Russian so if it
wasn't Russians it was Mega Americans
because you know the Russians and the
mega Americans they're obviously exactly
the same people and they're all
profoundly interested in producing a
January 6th type Insurrection in Ottawa
so that was 20 million dollars that was
essentially seized in one way or another
yes by the by various branches of the
Canadian government right now you said
there's some of that money that's still
around I think yes there is so when when
Jacob and give Sango refunded the gifts
and go money there was about three
million dollars that was in stuck in the
payment processor stripe
so that was seized and that's now an in
escrow there was we had just over four
hundred thousand dollars in e-transfers
because right away when I set up the
GoFundMe people were messaging me saying
that's right so that was kind of my
first concern I was like oh geez I
probably should have looked into this a
little bit more but
what do you do live and learn yeah so
we're we're accustomed to operating on
trust that's why our societies are rich
yes because you can generally operate on
trust or you could yes right so far yes
yeah so far
so that that money also went into the
escrow account and then a gentleman by
the name of Chris Guerra had started an
organization we had a ground zero team
we called it in Ottawa that was getting
everything all the infrastructure in
place for when we arrived like food
showers hotel rooms how many people did
come to the Convoy how many truckers
were there do you know
approximately I have no idea where did
they come from they came from all over
they come from the coast of BC they came
from the coast of Newfoundland they came
from the Northwest Territories we had
Americans that came up and joined us and
that was funny because you know we had a
finance committee in place so we put
procedures and processes in place to so
that this would all be accountable and
we had all these and so one of my jobs
was going to be to stand at the gas
pumps and record every trucker that came
through with their truck number and
their name and their receipts which in
the first day was not even possible and
we were one of my other jobs was to get
truck counts every day but that was
impossible because the situation was
that a lot of people couldn't go all the
way to Ottawa so they would join us for
like 100 kilometers or a province or you
know they'd get to the Manitoba border
so we always had people coming and going
what did you see when you came across oh
please tell me
the most
beautiful show of humanity and the unity
I've ever seen
I've never seen anything like it
after all these years of you know
especially living under this prime
minister who has tried to constantly
divide people by race religion culture
income bracket geographical location
gender gender yeah gender identity yes
yes
so we were coming through Manitoba we
were coming through headingley and it
was the most massive crowd I've ever
seen
and there was native drummers on the
side of the road dressed in their full
regalia and standing beside them were
like foresique gentlemen and standing
beside them were hutterite women with
their children holding signs thank you
for giving us back our future and beside
them was nuns in full habits and
you know when the nuns are protesting
that things aren't good that's right
exactly yeah and the Hutterites right
right absolutely they're not known for
their political we had them all the way
from Medicine Hat
um all the way through Manitoba and I
found out after because my dad's great
friends with a lot of the colonies down
there that they would go to one
intersection on the Salt Lake Back Road
watch us go by hop in their Vans or
trucks drive two miles down the road and
they did this to just watch us you know
yes yes and support and it was just
incredible because it didn't matter none
of your background even mattered right
it was we were just Canadians right
first once for once come on you know and
what sort of distances were people
driving like because lots of people
watching and listening don't know how
big Canada is so you said from Medicine
Hat to Auto wise 36 hours 36 hours I
think that's about uh 3 500 kilometers
and so which is quite a long ways but we
had people the clan mothers that joined
us came from the Northwest Territories
and they had there was truckers that had
come from the Northwest Territories and
and uh and the East Coast
um Newfoundland New Brunswick Nova
Scotia this was truly a Canadian
movement like we had people from
everywhere Northwest Territory yeah I
didn't know that yes yes
which shows you
that people like you said earlier were
ready well and desperate I mean the
thing is that for the for the so first
of all this was in the middle of this is
in the middle of the winter right right
and that's winter it was -20 in Ottawa
for most of that approach yesterday yeah
yeah and then those truckers were taking
their rigs out of service for what two
weeks something like that some of them
are longer three weeks right which is a
major economic hit you have to be driven
to some degree of desperation and it's
not like Canadian truckers like Dutch
farmers are known for their political
activism I mean they've never been a
politically active active class in
Canada there's no history of even labor
agitation on the trucker side in Canada
so the fact that it was them that
finally had enough is really telling
well just like it is telling on the
Dutch Farmers scene right and the yellow
jackets to some degree I mean the French
are a lot more volatile with their
political demonstrations but Canada
doesn't have a history of this this
isn't something that ever happens here
just like it never happens in in the
Netherlands and so all right so you're
driving down the road and you're seeing
all these people and and and this thing
is like ballooned like mad Way Beyond
what you would initially envisioned yes
and you're on your way to Ottawa what
happens when you get to Ottawa
we pulled up onto the hill uh well we
got into iron Pryor on the Friday night
and Saturday we drove up around noon we
met at noon drove into Ottawa and the
crowds
all the way from arm Pryor right into
Ottawa were amazing the overpasses were
filled with people and uh it was just so
beautiful and we got up there and there
was massive crowds up on Parliament Hill
too and so when we got out I mean it was
just by now people knew who Chris and I
were so there was lots of people coming
up and asking for photos and talking to
us and stuff and it was it was so
surreal yes yeah and and you know we
Chris and I talked on the way out and
and we didn't have a plan for when we
got there I mean just getting there was
such a massive undertaking and we I mean
kudos to Chris he led that Convoy Chris
is in jail Barber nope he's not he's
he's back home in saskatchew okay so so
let's walk through that briefly who
ended up jailed Chris was uh arrested in
prison for one evening I was arrested
and in jail for 18 days uh Pat King was
arrested and he was in jail for five
months he was the leader
yeah he was involved in it yeah he was
he wasn't the leader of it but
um and yeah I was actually in jail last
summer when he was finally released
finally but there's still people in jail
this year there were still people in yes
um of all the Coots boys are going
through their pre-trial right now I mean
they weren't affiliated with us that
that was all you know separate groups
and stuff but
I mean what's happening there is just
unbelievable to those guys and um Aaron
Aldrich was another one I don't know if
you've ever seen the photos but there's
a gentleman in lots of pictures with a
toque and a big belly he never wore a
shirt always smoking cigarettes and that
was Aaron and he just had he's finally
back in Alberta I think he went back
last week he was he got out of jail
um when I was on my way out for the
inquiry in the fall and he had to stay
there with his Surety until last week he
hasn't seen his mom
since 2022. oh yeah
okay so what's happened so now in Ottawa
you have all these trucks gathered
there's hundreds of them or there are
thousands of them thousand dollars
trucks by this point right so
everybody's shocked at the magnitude of
this including the Ottawa bourgeoisie
who aren't very happy with all the
honking there's a lawsuit about that eh
that you're also facing 400 million
dollar class action suit yes right
because of the economic harm caused by
the trucker Convoy yes right not the two
years of business collectors and
shutdowns and locked in your home right
and do you think do you think that do
you think that there was a deleterious
impact of the trucker Convoy on
businesses in Ottawa absolutely not
um we never told them to shut down it
was the the city that advised them to
shut down because they had to have
painted us as Hooligans and thugs before
we even arrived yeah yeah I mean
fascists and penetrated by the Russians
yeah yeah and the Maga types that's
right forget about them there was a
black rocks um report that just came out
I think it was the week before last it
was a public safety health safety Canada
memo that was sent out internally to all
these businesses saying saying that we
were entering Federal buildings and
causing damage and disruption which was
a bold-faced lie just nasty lies nasty
nasty lies and why because we don't we
don't have and I said this in my
testimony
when you lead a country you do not get
to pick and choose who you lead you are
responsible for every single person in
that country whether you believe in what
they believe or not right you don't get
to call them names I mean now our prime
minister is calling parents all right
yeah because they want no far right even
worse that's right do you think that you
should be able to have the last say in
relationship to what your children are
being taught in school and now you're
essentially a Nazi because of course
that's what far right means that's right
right so that means our prime minister
now believes that if you believe that
you should put your child's interests as
the Paramount concern of your life that
you're essentially far right and so if
Canadians had any sense which I'm afraid
generally they don't they would listen
to that because he's actually serious
about what he's claiming so we know that
what the New Brunswick Premier came out
and made it illegal for schools to use
gender transforming pronouns without
parental without informing the parents
which seems like the minimal thing they
could do and Trudeau pelerate him but
the vast majority of Canadians agree
with the New Brunswick premier's
statement and if they were informed a
lot more of them would agree because
Canadians as a general rule don't pay
much attention to politics and don't
know what's going on if they actually
knew what was going on a hell of a lot
more Canadians would have agreed with
the New Brunswick Premier yeah so I know
kudos to him like who saw that coming
out of New Brunswick I know I know he
grew a spine
Canada they're starting to ReDiscover
their spines that gives me something
yeah well you have Danielle Smith and
Scott Moe who look like they've got some
spines and Peter Paulie have might have
one as well and the premier of New
Brunswick right yeah that came out of
right field you might say yeah yeah
that's right yeah that's really
encouraging to me all right so you're in
Ottawa and we're all watching this from
the outside I I was on tour and Tammy
with Tammy at that time we would have
liked to have come to Ottawa did speak
at one of the events electronically and
so but we're watching from the outside
and what we see from the outside is that
despite the fact that you're being
painted as misogynist racist bigot Mega
Confederate flag wearing fascists
there's like no violence there's
children there the bloody government
conspired to threaten the truckers with
the removal of their children which I
which which is one of that was one of
the most reprehensible acts I'd ever
seen the Canadian government commit it
might be number one freezing your bank
accounts that that'd be the contender
for top place but the idea that the
government would threaten those
protesters with the removal of their
children by social services that was
that was like they were crossing the
line in a big way there boy but that's
what they did the whole time it was all
it was all constant provocation and
what'd the opp have to do with the opp
were
yes yes so obviously right away when we
recognized before we left how how much
support we were getting you know I said
we need to let our local police
departments know when we're coming
through so they can make arrangements
and everything and so that's what we did
and the opp were just the most amazing
organization to deal with they were very
organized they were professional they
were polite they were supportive
and um and I'll firmly believe if we
could have dealt with the opp for the
whole duration of this thing it would
not have ended the way that it did and
out of out of the inquiry what I learned
was besides the opp we were the most
organized and Professional Organization
out of them all well you were right wing
yeah those left-wingers they have a hard
time organizing yes these right Wingers
we're pretty good at keeping things
straight yeah that's right
and they were just they were wonderful
and um and we have a we had a phone call
from a gentleman called officer Pierre
he was I think a he was French but he
was OPP
the night after the raids because the
first thing they did was uh they raided
Coventry which was where we had a lot of
supplies and donations and a lot of
trucks parked and they went in there and
they is who the Ottawa city police they
had snipers on the roof
and they stole food they stole fuel uh
they stole firewood whatever whatever
they could take basically now remember
this is minus 30 right in Ottawa right
yeah I lived there it's cold in fact it
is cold colder than it is in Alberta
really it's cool because it's huge it's
cold you don't last outside
and then they started taking the Jerry
cans
which is when yeah I mean this is the
beautiful thing like I was saying last
night about Canadians he calls us a
fringe minority what do Canadians do
everyone's got a t-shirt or a tattoo or
a hat or a bumper sticker like they
owned it like now we're proudly The
Fringe minority right and they said they
were gonna they were going to confiscate
Jerry cans and so Canadians came out in
in hordes with empty Jerry cans yes yes
was that spontaneous totally spontaneous
nobody organized that they just started
showing up some of them were empty some
of them were full of water like some of
them had fuel in them but because they
were threatening to start charging
people that were bringing it in with
Mischief yeah and again Canadians just
took that and ran with it you know
that's
Fashion Show on the stage you know
so it was brilliant so so now what's
happened okay so what's happening as the
protest progresses the what's the mood
in downtown to Ottawa and what's
actually going on you have a center
stage or a couple of Center stages set
up and there's people speaking tell us a
little bit about what you would have
experienced being there it was
like Canada Day on steroids it was the
most
beautiful loving healing
atmosphere
ever I mean strangers were hugging and
crying on each other's shoulders and
people were singing Oh Canada and you
know flying our flags so proudly finally
it was a beautiful beautiful atmosphere
um which was not what the mainstream
media of course was reporting but it was
very jubilant very happy the thing that
struck me the most though was you know
people would come up to me and hug me
and cry on my shoulder and tell me their
story and you know thank us for what we
were doing
but it was the immigrants
who when they came up to me had this
look of desperation in their eyes like
nothing I have ever seen before it was
gut-wrenching you know and because
they've lived through this they've
watched all these signs and now they
escaped um Poland Russia Iran Romania
Eastern Europe China you know people
under despotism that's right people that
have escaped communist countries yeah
and I'm telling you the look in their
eyes was yeah we've seen that look in
Eastern Europe plenty yeah yeah because
the Eastern Europeans they're not very
happy with all the woke nonsense they
see enveloping the West yes you know
when we've gone through Eastern Europe
they tell us consistently it's like what
the hell are you people doing don't you
know what that did for us for 70 years
you're walking down exactly the same
pathway how can you possibly be so blind
it's like yeah yeah well they remember
man communism yeah it's particular yeah
let's do it again that was particularly
Jermaine and Albania because that was
the worst of the Congress countries me
too they were under lockdown until 1992
that's only 30 years yeah yeah yeah they
found a they found a hundred room bunker
like a hundred yards an underground 100
room bunker 100 yards away from their
Parliament building five years ago no
one even knew that was there that the
depart that the uh defense uh Minister
had had built in secret at the height of
the of the of the belief in Albania that
Albania was the center country of the
world and that everyone was just waiting
to invade because everyone wanted what
the albanians had we went out on a boat
into the ocean along the Albanian coast
and we could see these little things
that looked like small adobe houses up
in the hills were huge yeah well you
couldn't see them because they were
three quarters the way up the mountains
they were tunnels into the mountain so
they spent all their nation's money on
underground tunnels and tunnels into the
mountain because they had to be careful
because the world was after them and
then the people of the country had
nothing nothing that's communism yeah
yeah Albania yeah well they remember
they remember fear fear and tyranny boy
that's for sure all under the guise of
compassion and morality yeah which is
the epidemic we're facing in the west
well it is I mean we're basically
crafting legislation and policy on hurt
feelings yeah yeah yeah for for false
moral reasons all right so you're having
a big celebration in Ottawa and the
Legacy Media are trying to paint you as
misogynists and fascists and bigots and
so is the lead the punitive leader of
Canada and the and you actually manage
God only knows how you did this to keep
that entire Enterprise both peaceful and
positive right and I know I've talked to
BJ Victor about this a fair bit too that
that was actually a conscious aim that
that that you did everything you could
the organizers did everything could they
could and I believe the truckers
themselves did this spontaneously to
ensure that they were going to remain
respectful to people in authority and to
the general public and and to the
businesses that they frequented I know
that the crime rate in Ottawa fell
during the trucker Convoy I were no
overdose deaths in downtown Ottawa yeah
people had hope again just for well they
were sharing food too the streets were
clean there was no garbage on the
streets it was my dad I didn't meet this
gentleman myself but my dad told me the
story of um this homeless man that had
gone up to one of the food tents and
they were feeding him every day and he
asked if he could stay in there because
it was warm they had heaters and and
they said you are welcome to stay here
as long as we're here provided you do
not drink no drugs in here no drugs
period and you have to help out and when
they left he said that that was the
first time that he felt like he belonged
somewhere yeah I bet
he had a purpose yeah right yeah well
you can't live without a purpose yes
yeah all right so what happens now what
happens walk us through the Crackdown
now I was talking to Victor in
particular around the time when when the
when the Convoy was starting to
when a lot of pressure was starting to
be put on the Convoy I know you guys
were really trying to figure out
should you stay should you go had you
accomplished your goals so what's the
atmosph now the government's starting to
crack down walk us through that and then
walk us through the decision-making
processes that you engaged in when you
decided to well to what to bring it to
an end I suppose yes
we didn't decide to bring it to an end
that was the government okay
um so very quickly right away well I
recognized even on the way there that we
were going to need lawyers
um every time the finance committee
would say it's a it's almost at another
million you got to bump it up another
million and so I would bump it up on the
thing but I I mean it was bittersweet
because I would be so excited like we
were taking in a million dollars a day
at that point but at the same time I
would just get sicker and sicker to my
stomach because I knew when you're
talking about millions of dollars the
lawyers are coming and boy was I right
and so very quickly after we got to
Ottawa we contacted the jccf and they
flew in uh five lawyers two of them
which stayed with us on the ground my
husband was on that flight as the jccf
is the Justice Center for constitutional
freedoms a charitable organization civil
liberties organization and that's the
organization that gave you an award two
years ago yes yes that's right the
George Jonas Freedom Awards right last
summer right last summer yeah
yeah there was legal trouble around you
accepting that too wasn't there I had to
go to court to ask you well that's
pretty funny that you had to go to court
in Canada to go accept a freedom award
that makes perfect sense yeah because I
was banned from Ontario Ben from Ontario
I'm gonna do a cover yeah
hilarious uh I know a lot of people that
are trying to get out of Ontario I don't
know a lot of people that are trying to
get into Ontario but anyways uh um yeah
so I we had to go to court and have a
hearing so that we could have those
amended so that I could attend and also
my my youngest daughter was going to go
to university in Ottawa
so I mean I I was having a bit of a
tough time being banned from Ottawa also
we had that all changed
um all right so now we're talking about
what's happening as the government
starts to crack down on the yeah on the
on the Convoy so we got the boys start
to to mount yes well there was always
pressure because there was always rumors
I mean this is the great thing about
having people like Danny Beaufort there
and Tom quagen and uh Thomas O'Connor
because they were able to disseminate
like what was factual and what was just
wild rumors I mean right from day one we
were hearing they were coming to arrest
us we were going to be raided it was
every day so so what led to that was we
get there in the city of on of Ottawa
puts on a state of emergency right right
and we're like okay what does that mean
and really all I saw was little groups
of cops standing around doing nothing
turning to slightly bigger groups of
cops standing around doing nothing then
Doug Ford invoked the state of emergency
for the province of Ontario same thing I
just saw this group of cops standing
around doing nothing turned into a
bigger group of cops standing around
doing nothing so when he invoked them
well that could be worse it is that
could be worse yeah yeah so when he
invoked the emergencies act I I
personally didn't even know it to him
federally
I mean I thought it was ridiculous there
was definitely no secure threat to the
security of Canada we were in right and
that's supposed to be a last ditch move
by the federal government in the case of
like serious Civil War like violent
Insurrection right this is sabotage or
Espionage when you step outside the
Constitutional limits right this is to
be used extraordinarily sparingly right
under the only the most dire of
circumstances and yet he announced it
because
Ottawa residents were being traumatized
by honking which had already been
brought to a halt right many many many
days previously and Chris Barber said
um well we embarrassed him and I said no
we didn't we just handed him a platform
and he embarrassed himself
but he backed himself into a corner and
he ran out of the city when you guys too
didn't he yes they skirted him out of
the city for his safety we found out
didn't he say he had covid
he was exposed to covet well first of
all he came out first of all he came out
and called us racists then he came out
with his big Fringe minority with
unacceptable views then all of a sudden
he had been exposed to somebody that had
coveted even though he was three times
vaccinated then all of a sudden he's
skirted out of Ottawa for his safety and
like I was just saying we found out
after he was skiing in the laurentians
um just ludicrous
look who does that well it was obviously
time to go skiing yes it was that's very
in the state of emergency yes yeah yes
uh Doug Ford was also snowmobiling
during that time too so they were
obviously very concerned very concerned
and uh I mean it did the pressure just
gets started getting more and more
intense and the irony
of the invocation of the emergencies Act
was that Keith Wilson myself and my
husband
we're on our way to go meet with the
honorable Mr Brian packford yeah and on
the way over we heard on the radio that
Justin Trudeau was going to be invoking
the emergencies act so imagine
that moment we walked we walked in and
Keith told Mr peckford about that and
and he just sort of like
Saturday was one of the creators of the
Alaska that actually uh put the
potential for the powers for the
Emergency act in place and has stated
very publicly that Trudeau the Trudeau
government by no means or by no stretch
of the imagination had
encountered a situation that
necessitated what the original framers
of that documented document would have
considered a genuine emergency yeah so I
mean just he just went full on nuclear
and that's when the bank accounts as
well 200 Canadians right 280 Canadian
citizens
stolen mothers were stuck at the grocery
store till unable to pay for their
groceries families were unable to buy
medicine for their children they
couldn't pay mortgages uh people
couldn't pay or receive their child
support
there was no parliamentary oversight
there was no court order from a judge
Christian Freeland couldn't do it fast
enough I mean she was giggling like a
schoolgirl when she announced it which
was appalling at the evidence that came
out at the inquiry was that she wanted
to label us as terrorists so she could
seize our assets it was disgusting and
so I'm doing a lot of American Media
right now to promote my book and that
and that's one of the things I always
say is that this isn't just a story for
Canada this is important yeah because if
they can do it in Canada the most
peaceful passive and polite country on
the planet it can happen anywhere
and it will happen yeah well I know like
one of the things we did learn traveling
around I think Tammy and I have been in
like 250 cities something like that in
the last two years and Canadians have no
idea what the bank account thefts in
particular did to Canada's International
reputation yes I mean first of all I
think Trudeau is regarded around the
world as the worst leader of the G7 by a
large margin and I would say especially
in Eastern Europe that's true among
those on the left as well as those on in
the center and on the right and the most
egregious error he made was taking bank
accounts like people cannot believe that
happened and certainly not that it
happened in Canada right that was just
an absolute shock of an absolute 100
percent violation of of trust in the
government but also trust in Canada's
banking industry and in the separation
of the banking industry from the
government which is something we want to
keep separate like we really want to
keep that cell no they're not so no no
that's for sure well not one single
president of any Bank
stood up and said no yeah I think was it
one of the banks apologized later yes
well I'm sorry an apology doesn't cut it
nope that's for sure like where were you
guys when this you they should have been
standing up and saying no we need like a
court order from a judge or anything no
we need like 10 court orders from judges
I mean right this isn't something we do
overnight because we kowtowed to the
tyrants in Ottawa exactly that's for
sure but it was intimidation yeah what
was the rush to close the bank accounts
yeah well everything's an emergency
that's right yeah yeah all right so
things start to get tense in Ottawa and
how does that play out on the ground
well a lot of people started leaving
because they were threatening to take
insurance and seize Vehicles like
children and take the children pets
again back to the provocation
yeah they were going to come take pets
take those pets and they tried really
everything that they could
and so a lot of people started leaving
which we were encouraging because we
didn't want we didn't know it was coming
I mean I never in my wildest dreams
imagined that was coming but we didn't
want anyone to get arrested or lose
their jobs I mean these people have
suffered enough right
and I remember
the Wednesday
the Wednesday before I was arrested
I was at the Sheridan and a group of our
core people started leaving and um a
Quebec mother one of the road captains
was was taking off and we said a very
tearful goodbye and I went up to my room
and I was upset crying because we were
saying goodbye to these people became
our family and
um
I reached into my pockets and of course
every time I was on the hill like people
were literally stuffing money into my
freedom pants I called them my freedom
pants and I and I was like oh my God so
I ran back downstairs and I just I just
gave her everything I had and uh you
know we said another tearful goodbye my
dad had come into town
with my sister they brought some
supplies and they were also picking up
my other sister and we were at the Swiss
Hotel and I remember dad said well we're
going to they my sister wanted to go to
Gatineau because she'd never been to
Quebec and
and I said no
dad was like well we'll get a room and
then we'll leave in the morning and I
said you guys need to get as far away
from here as you can now
and I started walking upstairs and I
remember I turned around and I just said
I love you Dad
that's when the rumors were flying that
you know evil truckers were going to
regroup somewhere outside of Ottawa in
preparation to retake the city that's
great yeah yeah
which is something you know that I I
find a little bit odd that that they
don't give us credit for especially
after what came out of the inquiry I
mean we outnumbered and overpowered them
if we had been there with an agenda to
take over Ottawa and overthrow the
government we could have done it they
were not prepared the Ottawa city police
was in a shambles an absolute shambles I
mean one hand didn't know what the other
one was doing and would that happen to
us in real time a liaison officer comes
to the Swiss to deliver a message and
halfway through his message we're like
what because we had a different message
he gets on his phone and finds out it
was the wrong message like this is
happening right in front of us oh wow
the ineptitude of that organization was
stunning right and you're saying that in
contrast to the Ontario yes they were
amazing what do you think the difference
was like why do you think it was so
inept in Ottawa but working at the
Ontario level I don't know bureaucracy
yeah but they're both bureaucratic right
one woke bureaucracy yes one maybe not
so well maybe maybe yeah maybe sounds
like it to me because the the the
clowniness the clowniness of that sounds
woke yeah right yeah right right yes I
think that's a large part of it and I
mean
um the chief slowly who is the police
chief at that time was having a lot of
problems internally with
his people not listening to him yeah
well no wonder when you listen to him
publicly you thought well there's
someone that no one should listen to
yeah you're right but you know what I
did get to go up to him at the inquiry
and I shook his hand and I said thank
you for your service and I'm sorry
for the Fallout yeah that's happened to
you because
he I believe he did the best he could he
was under a lot of pressure did he do
and say a lot of the right things
absolutely not but this is very telling
there's six weeks of testimony at the
inquiry Justin Trudeau Christoph
Freeland Marco Mendicino David lametti
all these clowns sorry all these uh
members of parliament were on the stand
and examined for about two hours Peter
slowly was on the stand for two days two
days so he was being scapegoated yeah
yeah
he was being scapegoated and I remember
the day that he announced his
resignation everybody in the room was
just cheering and celebrating and they
thought this was excellent that this
Chief and I was Keith and I are like
this is not good number one a man just
lost his entire career today and number
two what's coming next is not is going
to be worse and we were right
so it was very intense lots of people
were leaving we were saying a lot of
goodbyes
and um
I went and did the video the night
before because I was we were pretty sure
we were going to be arrested
and I wasn't going to leave like how
could I leave I wasn't going to leave
all those people there
you know that's my perspective I mean I
don't mean to sound cliche but I mean a
captain goes down with a ship
so we we made plans we got some people
out of the Swiss Hotel because we
thought if we're going down we need
someone to keep the ship afloat so I
sent Keith and Eva to a different hotel
we sent the accountant somewhere else
and some other people somewhere else
and um I'd been walking around the last
few days there seeing these F Trudeau
flags and
people yelling at reporters
and while I do believe that we were all
justifiably angry
my perspective is we can't win we can't
meet hate with hate
and that was my message from the start
we we can only do this peacefully we can
only do this coming from a place of love
in our hearts
no matter what you think and it was
upsetting me
so I went up and I did that last video
and and discussed that you know I just
said please remember that
Justin Trudeau has three kids
that have that same last name
and just like I have three kids and my
kids are waking up to see me called
horrible names one of them woke up to
read that I was dead yeah in jail yeah
really not at that point obviously but
you know this is the stuff that they
were seeing and I was and I'm just
thinking like think of them even if you
hate him
think of them
think of those reporters that are out
there I mean doing a terrible job I mean
they're probably just trying to feed
their families is what I said and I
don't yeah but they could do that they
could do that by doing a good job I
agree I agree but I get your point yes
and
um yeah and then I was pretty sure that
I was going to be arrested and uh sure
enough the next day
the next day yeah get arrested and what
was that like to be arrested well for
somebody that's never even been in
Facebook jail before it was quite quite
an eye-opening experience
um
I spent the evening in the police at the
police station and the cells there which
was awful I spent the day walking around
with a veteran talking to people and
signing Flags or whatever just talking
with people listening to their stories
and so by the time we got back to the
Swiss I was quite damp and cold and then
and then Danny and I made the decision
to go out and turn ourselves in after
Chris had been arrested number one
uh the lady that owns that hotel and had
you been charged at that point
so why did you turn yourselves in like
because they arrested Chris yeah we knew
that they were looking for organizers we
turned ourselves in because we didn't
want them coming to the Swiss Hotel
because she's such a sweet woman like
she we saved her from bankruptcy she was
two weeks away from bankruptcy when we
showed up we that saved our business
my husband and Danny's wife were both at
the Swiss Hotel and I can't even imagine
the trauma of having to witness
something like that
I mean I had it easy I was in jail it's
the people around me
that really suffered the people that
cared about me that really suffered I'm
fine I was fine I mean was it great no
it sucked um but I you know I I prayed I
I just said okay God we've exposed so
much you're obviously not done with me
yet and if this is my job
it's thy will not my will
and
one foot one foot in front of the other
you just keep on keeping on yeah
you guys maybe we should because we're
starting to too encroach on the end of
our time maybe we should uh talk about
what the trucker Convoy accomplished so
let me lay out some of the things I saw
and then please please you know
elaborate so well first of all it was a
model for a peaceful demonstration of
great magnitude well organized under a
tremendous amount of duress right and in
in an inhospitable climate literally
speaking on an inhospitable political
climate right under assault by the lying
Legacy Media and by the top leaders of
the country right so that's all quite
something and yet it was extremely
peaceful and not so peaceful that it was
impossible for the people who were
trying to pillory you to even find
single events that weren't entirely
fabricated that indicated that anyone
there at all was causing any untoward
trouble and that was always what I was
looking for because I thought you guys
would be infiltrated by like that the
wing nuts would show up sooner or later
but we mitigated that that's what I was
saying if it was like cnid filing Aid
you know antifa came in right away so we
set up block captains and they would do
patrols to make sure that the people
were safe in their trucks so they'd want
they'd walk the street right so you had
jobs for them yes yes right I mean
that's what I'm saying
um but I've not worked with antifa
pardon me that worked with it yes yep
yep so they just need something to do
yeah yeah
that that's really not that surprising
yeah exactly but the superintendent uh
of intelligence for the opp testified at
the inquiry that the lack of violence
was shocking that his words he also
testified that what he was hearing
coming from the media and from our
politicians did not match with the
intelligence that they were getting off
the ground so again lion Mendicino is up
there every day talking about how
violent we were and on and on and on
like we're rapists and arsonists and
insurrectionists and it was all a lie
the night they arrested those two guys
in that apartment they knew they knew
the night they were arrested
yes yeah
I'm going to make sure these guys are
held accountable where were they
arrested and what in Ottawa so there's
those two guys that were trying to burn
the apartment building down
and a lady walks by apparently sees
these guys I mean it's all documented on
Twitter I've got I've got all of them
um so a lady comes into the apartment
building sees these guys trying to light
a fire and then goes up to her apartment
yeah right Glenn McGregor was first on
the scene he was there before the police
were called yeah that was quite that was
quite the State of Affairs just an
absolute bloody what what live from from
beginning to end really really quite
stunning all right so you manage this
extremely peaceful demonstration that
was broadcast intently around the world
despite all of the Legacy Media lies
which and that's all they did pretty
much was lie about it yes and that was a
model for people around the world I
think I know for a fact because I've
talked to the Dutch farmer organizers
that the Canadian protests were
um what would you say
um inspiring inspirational yeah and
that's happened in many countries and
and uh I think it's also given the Dutch
Farmers heart and that's produced
somewhat of a political transformation
in Holland which is or in the
Netherlands which is a really big deal
and then there were Radical changes in
Canadian policy after you guys were
after after the trucker Convoy ended and
so
so well let's talk about what you faced
right at the end I mean we saw a footage
of the police come riding in with horses
and we saw you said we talked last night
about the woman who was trampled by the
police you want to help talk about her
for a moment uh yes I I was just
fortunate enough to spend the weekend
with her and uh chababizzi too
um candy was a carnival worker here in
Ontario and she was there protesting
peacefully she's I can't remember the
reserve she's from She's mohawk
and she was there with her walker and
they trampled her
and she's got a broken clavicle which
has not been addressed yet um could well
she she needs help right so
um she's unable to work right now
clearly traumatized you know it was
devastating what they did and um and
also Chaba who's just one of many
um was surrendered peacefully came out
of his truck and was badly badly beaten
he had broken he had broken bones in his
neck he had a broken wrist internal
bleeding did you say they were kneeing
him yes there's footage I've sent it to
you guys there's footage
um yeah he surrendered peacefully and
you can see these cops like literally
with all their might kneeing this guy in
the in the back
it was atrocious and he surrendered
peacefully it's not like he was
resisting arrest I mean we we'd all
talked with Danny we all knew what to
expect if they are going to arrest you
Don't resist tell them who you are like
identify yourself and then that's all
you have to do just go
so
and then a lot of these people
um were arrested handcuffed left in cold
transport units or paddy wagons for
hours driven out to the outskirts of
Ottawa and dropped off in a snowstorm no
way way
wow really thankfully Melissa McKee from
bikers church and her husband who are
the just the most beautiful people she
they were very involved in like it was
their their church was like a sanctuary
and so what she'd been doing was a lot
of the people that she knew she would
have them write her number on their arm
and their lawyer's number on their arm
so when that happened or if that
happened they they could call because I
mean a lot of these people they don't
know anybody there you know if I got
dropped off on the outskirts of Ottawa I
would have no idea where to go if I had
no cell phone or you know so in the
aftermath of the trucker company now the
the conservative party essentially
shattered itself which really wasn't the
goal of it what wasn't the goal of the
Convoy right but but we became the
official The Unofficial official
opposition yeah yeah yeah what else do
you think the the Convoy accomplished
that restored oh this makes me correct I
don't know why this always makes me cry
people were proud
to be Canadian again
the the two words that I heard the most
the first one was hope coming all across
Canada it was the number one word I
heard and the second one was Pride yeah
hope that's a hard thing to give people
I mean I myself Canada day is was always
one of my most favorite holidays until
the last few years and I just quit going
but I mean I was the one that would
always take my kids to the fireworks
like this is important you know I grew
up being fascinated watching the
Americans and their passion for their
country and their flag and I I was
always very good at that sort of thing
yes and and but there was never that
sense here and so that was my first
experience imagining what that must be
like
so and I think we opened a lot of eyes
like I I do well and a lot of the covid
Tyranny started to fall apart and in the
aftermath of the trucker Convoy and well
it should have been a super spreader
event we should have already dead of
kovitz I couldn't tell you one person I
know there that that got covet or had
covid yeah what was more like a super
spreader event that took down the kovid
Tyranny right because things really did
start to open up after that and I know
the politicians denied that there was
any connection but it was pretty bloody
obvious that there was a connection so
that was really heartening to see us you
know because you know one of the things
to remember is that well that might have
been the thing who knows right because
we toyed with totalitarianism for two
years like we seriously toyed with it
and then we walked back from the brink
that's what it looks like to me if you
want to read it optimistically I mean a
pessimist would say well maybe we didn't
have to toy with totalitarianism to
begin with and fair enough but sometimes
people have to be hit pretty hard in the
back of the head before they wake up and
it is possible that we woke up and we'll
decide not to go down that Road and I
think that if that's the case then the
trucker Convoy played a signal role in
that and that's not nothing you know
that's that's extraordinarily important
you know and that's pretty funny if
that's at least in part a consequence of
your decision that you know maybe you
had some responsibility too despite the
fact you know like what the hell do you
know and you're just another person
there might be more to being just
another person than people think yes
well I think Chris Barber said it best
and we were still traveling to Ottawa in
the Convoy at this time and he was on
the radio and we were just talking where
he was talking with other truckers the
boat I don't even know
what was waiting for us or what we were
going to accomplish and he said we've
already won guys
and he was right
like people came out and came together
and you know
um there's a gentleman that did a Blog
out of North Bay and he and he in his
blog he said it was so dark like it was
everyone had the sense before we started
that they couldn't last one more week so
this gentleman in North Bay had had done
a Blog and in his blog he said he said
there was a sense that people could not
go on even one more week like this was
dark times really dark times
and nobody called anybody nobody
organized any groups of people to go out
people just got up and got their
families up off their couch and they
went out to the side of the road and
then when they got to the road
there was all these other people there
are thousands of people and I can
imagine the darkness that's right it's
winter yes
old yeah yeah but all of a sudden
there's all these people there and
they're like they didn't feel alone
anymore and they didn't feel like they
were going crazy because I'm that's how
I felt sometimes I was like how what the
hell can you guys not see what is going
on here like am I the only person seeing
this
and and so it was just so
it was just so beautiful it was honestly
the most beautiful show of humanity I've
ever seen and Canadians did what they do
we had more donations than we knew what
to do with we were taking food to as far
away as Sudbury to the food banks
because there was so much
you know out at The Farms we had the
little outposts I mean there was dog
food lip chap gloves
uh tampons everything there was
everything under the sun that Canadians
just donated in droves yeah you know and
that's to that's the candidate that I
grew up in yeah well maybe maybe we'll
hang on to our freedom you never know
it's possible we're gonna find out over
the next decade that's for sure because
we're really toying with things on both
ends at the moment but yes yeah well it
was heartening to see this happen and
while it was heartening to see its
effect for example in the Netherlands
that's a big deal right that what the
Dutch farmers are doing there that's
everybody in the world should have their
attention focused on that because that's
Battlefield Central these local these
local battles aren't local at all and
that's why so much International
attention was focused on the Canadian
trucker Convoy at that point too you
know because everyone had the sense that
this is about more than
well it's about more than Canada that's
for sure and it's about more than the
you know local concerns of a handful of
misogynists bigots and Confederate flag
waving fascists that's for sure well I
mean never before did we quarantine the
healthy to protect the vulnerable yeah
never before yeah yeah well and and to
no good end and and and and and
and as a consequence we've produced a
tremendous amount of damage and it'll
take decades really to sort out exactly
the cost of all that
yeah well I deal with that I have a I
have a daughter that has developed
drinking problem
um
she suffers she can't drive from
Manitoba to Medicine Hat without having
two panic attacks
she's depressed
I mean she her graduation consisted of
her putting on a gown and a mask and
having a photo taken her graduation yeah
yeah we took a lot from those kids boy
yes do you know that's your whole
school life is getting ready for that
one moment yeah and then she went and
did a semester at the University in
Calgary locked in her arrest yeah I mean
she should have been going to pubs full
tuition at full tuition let's not forget
that yes yeah that was the University's
contribution to the totalitarian
catastrophe it's like well we won't
actually offer you any services but
we'll take your money yes yeah cute yeah
well look we can we can end this with
some hope you know the trucker Convoy
did accomplish a lot and we didn't get a
chance to talk to talk to you about what
you're facing now in the future maybe
we'll do that on the daily wire plus
side for those of you who are watching
and listening thank you very much for
your time and attention and to the Daily
wire plus people for arranging this on
very short notice because Tamara just
came over for dinner last night we
decided to do this then that's very
helpful I'm going to talk to Tamara for
another half an hour on the daily wear
plus side and you guys who are watching
and listening you might consider heading
over there and providing them with some
support you know that YouTube has been
on our our case because I'm allied with
the daily wire folks For Better or Worse
at the moment and they've really
launched you know somewhat of a full
frontal attack on us in the last couple
of weeks and that's not good and so if
you're concerned about that
um well one thing you can do or think
about doing is to provide the daily wire
plus folks with some support they've
been very good partners for me for
whatever that's worth and uh and Tamara
thank you very much for agreeing to talk
to us today and Tam thank you for
participating Thank You country thank
you yeah for sure
appreciate it
all right everyone good thanks Lord
[Music]